Oils
The engine will work around the clock at 50 degrees below zero, and here the oil plays
Is important because if there is no good oil in the engine, there may be a problem when the engine is running
continuously. As oil is like blood for the engine, we need blood in our bodies to move
Muscle - The engine needs oil to do the same job
Paul Marsh - Mechanic sports cars
Consistently uninterrupted at these temperatures, you need oil. But a special type
For temperatures up to 50 degrees below zero and will accomplish the task only a high quality
Such as the Helix oil we have developed.
It is about our safety and is a lifeline if it does not work well
Midway, we will not survive - we wear good clothes but we rely on this engine.
We would like to know how hot the oil is affected. This oil is based on metal
20/20, a local type, and we want to use it but it looks like honey, and we will not use it
The next oil is also metallic and is 20/50, preferably in the summer. you may
See it where it looks like honey too. It is frozen like a snow cube. The last oil is
Shell Helix oil works correctly.
The oil contains material to clean the engine so expect to change its color.
Oil performs its task over time, and if you look at it now you will find it black
It collects impurities with the engine but we can use it for another
Because we keep the cars running at 50 degrees below zero and it is preferable to change the oil.